[RAIN PATTERING]
[BALL THUDDING]
[PHONE BUZZES]
[BLUETOOTH CHIMES]
SAUL: Yeah?
FRANCESCA [ON PHONE]:
Do you have any idea
what time it is?
A watched pot never boils,
Francesca.
[THROUGH TEETH]
It's been an hour.
You've got a lobby
full of people out here,
and at 8:00, I am done.
I don't care
if the building burns down.
I'm going home.
Wow.
You and your work ethic!
Did I ever tell you
how indispensable you are? No?
How much longer, Saul?
You know what? I can't say.
So pass along
my sincerest apologies
and tell them I'm swamped.
Everyone can hear you
bouncing that thing.
That's the sound of thinking.
You should try it sometime.
[BLUETOOTH BEEPS]
[SIGHS]
[SNIFFS]
[EXHALES]
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
[SIGHS]
[BLUETOOTH BEEPS]
[LINE RINGS]
FRANCESCA:
Yeah?
What are you waiting for?
Send her in.
[BLUETOOTH BEEPS]
[SIGHS]
[STATIC CRACKLES]
[TAPE CLICKS]
[DISTORTED THEME MUSIC PLAYS]
[TAPE WHIRRING]
[TAPE CLICKS]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[KNIFE SCRAPES]
How's it coming?
Good.
Did you get the mayonnaise?
Well, here's the thing.
They didn't have Duke's,
and I really like Duke's.
But they didn't have it,
which is a bummer.
So...
I don't know.
You think this'll work?
Technically, it isn't
actually mayonnaise, but--
Yeah.
Technically, I don't think
this is mayonnaise.
But close, right?
What do think?
Should we give it a shot?
I don't know.
What do you think?
Yeah.
Let's give it a shot.
KIM:
Oh, my gosh.
CISSY:
I don't know.
It's as close as I could get.
Cissy, garnet and gold!
I see it plain as day!
Plus, they're really beautiful,
Cissy.
Oh, the red ones
could maybe pass for garnet.
But the gold ones
are just regular yellow.
Well, the minute I saw them,
I said "FSU."
Besides, gold food coloring?
[SCOFFS]
June, did you
ever even hear of that?
No. Sounds expensive.
If they even make
such a thing,
you'd probably get flipper
hands from the chemicals.
Well, this is as close
as I could get, anyway.
It's perfect, Cissy.
So pretty.
Thank you.
This is all so beautiful.
Looks amazing.
It looks delicious.
I forgot something.
Let me tell you about epoxy.
Epoxy yellows.
You hit it with enough sun--
He's right.
If you just use a dark
enough floor--
Guys, I'm telling you.
We're never gonna settle this.
I've been having this argument
five days a week.
But now, I'm Sweden.
Switzerland.
Want something to drink.
Wine coolers?
Cissy?
Marvin doesn't want me to drink.
Cissy.
We're gonna get a wine cooler
down you one day.
That was fun.
Yeah. That was fun.
[KIM GRUNTS]
GLEN: Yep.
Yep.
[BED SQUEAKING]
Yep!
That's it right there.
Good job, guys.
Peter the Great
is buried inside me.
GLEN: What did she say?
We're gonna help each other.
Boy, you gotta be in shape
to be on this show.
You sure do.
Lots of running.
Yeah.
Think they ever ran
with the bulls on this show?
Like, in Spain?
Well, not that we've seen,
I don't think.
Maybe it's too dangerous.
What do you think?
Maybe.
Yeah.
We gotta go.
[CONTESTANT WHOOPS]
I thought the potato salad
worked out great.
You think?
Yep.
Huh. Looks like rain again.
Yeah. It does.
Hey, they opened a new Outback
down in Satellite Beach.
You wanna go Friday?
Sure.
It's a date.
[TOOTHBRUSH WHIRRING]
[SPITS]
[BLINKER CLICKING]
[CAR LOCK BEEPS]
Yes. Yes.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
[KEYBOARD CLACKING]
[COPIER WHIRRING]
KIM:
Can you tell me
the flange diameter
of 212-dash-17-backslash-H?
Great.
Does that come in
a 3-inch riser,
or just the 2-inch?
Great.
ABS or PVC?
Oh, great.
[MACHINERY WHIRRING LOUDLY]
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
Hi.
[SINGSONGY]
We're gonna sing at 5.
Great.
Let me see.
[CHUCKLES]
That's cute, June.
I'll pick up the cake
after lunch.
Do you remember what kind
of ice cream Tammy likes?
Uh...
Jeez. No.
Yeah.
So maybe-- What do you think?
Vanilla or strawberry?
Ooh. Um...
They're both good.
[LAUGHS] I know, right?
Five o'clock.
Okay. Great.
KARLY:
No. Nobody makes it that long.
Well, I mean-- Because,
I mean, think about it.
It's gotta fit in the truck.
So how's it gonna fit
in the truck if--?
Well, yeah.
But nobody makes
a truck that long so--
Safe to say.
Okay. Well, sorry we
couldn't be of service.
So whatever happened to crack?
How come you never hear
about it on the news anymore?
Did everybody just all decide
to stop taking it?
What's the drug
that makes you dance
and put a pacifier
in your mouth?
Ecstasy.
Ecstasy!
That's the big one now--
Yeah, that's the big one.
My sister's
best friend's son?
Oh, my God.
But I don't understand
the pacifier.
Why would they all
need pacifiers?
Don't you think
if you ran a store
and some teen came in
and tried to buy a pacifier,
don't you think
you'd call the police?
Yeah.
I sure would.
Absolutely.
What you eating?
Tuna salad.
I made it with Miracle Whip
instead of mayonnaise.
KARLY:
Huh.
CLAUDIA:
I use almond butter instead of--
[SLURPING]
Mm.
TAMMY [SOFTLY]:
When I woke up this morning,
guess what was in
my living room.
A freaking exercise bike.
Yeah.
I can't believe he got that
for my birthday.
[PHONE RINGS]
Hold on a second.
Palm Coast Sprinkler,
watering your world since 1978.
Please hold.
KIM [ON PHONE]:
Yep?
Kim, there's a Viktor St. Claire
for you on Line 3.
Kim?
[SIGHING]
Yeah. Okay.
Yeah, so what do you think
about that? That's pretty rude.
What brand is it?
I don't care who made it.
I don't care if it's Megatron
3000 or worth $4 million.
I'm gonna ride it
straight back to the store
and guess what he's gonna get
for his next birthday?
Some hair regrowth serum...
[CHUCKLES]
...and I'm gonna laugh at him.
Yeah.
Kim Wexler.
JIMMY:
Hey, Kim.
You know who this is?
I'm gonna take that as a yes.
Uh, that receptionist of yours,
is she the type to listen in?
No.
Good.
Okay.
So how's Florida
been treating you?
I'm catching you
between hurricanes, I hope.
Kim, you there?
What do you want?
I don't--
I don't want anything.
I just--
It's been a while, you know?
I just think
it's been a while.
And, uh, it might be nice
to catch up.
Catch up?
Yeah, my mind was wandering
this morning.
I was not thinking
anything in particular,
just random thoughts. And bam,
it suddenly occurred to me.
It's been six years.
I mean, Jesus.
I-I couldn't believe it.
I thought you might wanna know
I'm still alive.
Yep.
Yeah, I'm still out here.
Still getting away with it.
Feds couldn't find
their own ass
with both hands
and a proctologist.
You shouldn't be calling me.
Oh, hey! You're awake!
[VOICE TREMBLING]
You shouldn't be calling.
Why not?
Am I tying up the line
for important
irrigation business?
Come on, Kim. Say something.
[SCOFFS]
Call me an asshole. Yell at me.
Just let me know
you still got a pulse.
Just say something.
You want me to say something?
Yeah.
You should turn yourself in.
Do what?
You heard me.
I don't know what kind
of life you've been living,
but it can't be much.
Said the pot to the kettle!
What--
That is-- That is really rich.
You preaching to me?
[SCOFFS]
See...
you have no idea
what I did or didn't do, okay?
And why don't you
turn yourself in?
Seeing as you're the one with
the guilty conscience, huh?
What is stopping you?
Fring's in the ground.
Mike's in the ground.
Lalo's in the ground,
apparently.
You don't have to hold back
on my account.
They can only hang me once.
So go ahead.
Spill your guts!
Put on your hair shirt.
See what it gets you!
Why are--?
Kim, why are we even
talking about this?
We're both too smart to throw
our lives away for no reason.
Just--
I just--
I only wanted to--
Kim.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
I'm glad you're alive.
[KNOCKING]
Yeah?
[SINGSONGY]
Time to sing!
Okay.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday, dear Tammy ♪
[EMPLOYEES CLAPPING
AND CHEERING]
[JET ENGINES DRONING]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
ATTORNEY:
I'll make sure they're aware.
Just remember
to sit up straight
and listen carefully
when the judge addresses you.
Stay attentive and engaged.
Even if you're not sure
what's going on, don't show it.
All right. Come here.
Tuck your shirt in for me,
will you?
Okay.
You gotta look good
for the judge...
Because of your record,
this judge might be looking
to make an example of you.
Okay? So you need
to act responsible.
Say, "Yes, sir."
Say, "No, sir. "
[DOOR BUZZES]
Kim?
KIM [ON INTERCOM]:
Hi, Cheryl.
I'm out front.
[DOOR BEEPS]
[CLOCK TICKING LOUDLY]
[INHALES SHARPLY]
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[PAPERS RUSTLING]
Howard was murdered?
Why?
He was...
in the wrong place
at the wrong time.
[SNIFFLES]
Where's his body?
I don't know.
And the police?
Will they search again?
They'll search.
I don't think
they'll find him.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
Cheryl, he--
It--
It all happened
in an instant.
And he didn't--
He didn't suffer.
He didn't suffer?
The lies you two made up.
The picture you painted.
That's all he is now.
That's all anybody remembers.
I wanna change that.
What happens now?
Will you be tried?
Will you go to jail?
I don't know.
You're a lawyer, right?
You're a great one,
Howard said.
How could you not know?
[SMACKS LIPS]
Bernalillo County
has my affidavit.
It's up to the district attorney
whether to prosecute.
And she may not.
Why?
There's no physical evidence.
No remaining witnesses
other than my ex-husband,
assuming he's still alive.
I could sue you in civil court.
I could take everything
you've got.
Yeah.
[SIGHS]
Why are you doing this?
[ENGINE STARTS]
[JET ENGINES DRONING]
[SPLUTTERS, SOBS]
[SNIFFLES]
[SOBBING]
[HYPERVENTILATING]
Oh, God!
[GLASS SHATTERS]
[GLASS CRUNCHING]
[SNORING]
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
[PLAYS NOTE]
[SNORING CONTINUES]
Passwords.
[CHUCKLES]
[SIGHS]
[DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE]
[BLOWING AIR NERVOUSLY]
[SNORING CONTINUES]
Huh.
A hat man.
[CLEARS THROAT]
[♪♪♪]
Oh, shit.
[TOILET FLUSHES]
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[EXHALES]
Nothing to see here.
Move along.
[OFFICER SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY
ON RADIO]
[SNORING]
[♪♪♪]
OFFICER:
Look at this bullshit. Look.
Look. What would you call this?
I'd call that--
I don't know, what?
Would you call that
a fish taco?
Could anybody call this
Legally?
Stop waving that at me.
Look at this.
There's one piece
of goddamned pollock
no bigger than the end
of my thumb.
How can you even call that--?
Like I'm supposed
to do something? What?
I want you to look inside
and tell me what you see.
Huh?
Would you
or would you not sell this
to an unsuspecting public?
Why do you persist
in ordering fish
when we're 1400 miles
from the ocean?
Because it's on the menu,
all right?
Because I live in the 21st
goddamn century, all right?
And this?
This is some bullshit.
I'm telling you, I got
half a mind to go back there
and smack somebody
in they face with it.
DISPATCHER:
Charlie 14, Charlie 14,
can you advise on your 10-16?
[SLURPS]
[SIREN CHIRPING]
[STEAM HISSING]
[RAIN PATTERING]
[DOOR OPENS]
[PATRIOTIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Yes.
[DOOR CLOSES]
What do you think?
Pretty great, right?
Yeah. It's, um...
Yep.
I just need your printed name
and signature.
So...
[SIGHS]
Florida.
Florida, Florida, Florida.
[INHALES, EXHALES DEEPLY]
Why there?
I guess--
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't have
to make sense.
Heh.
Hey, I gotta tell you.
I think you're gonna regret
not taking your share
of the Sandpiper money.
That'd buy a shitload
of swampland.
[SIGHS]
I will, um...
file these tomorrow.
All right.
Well, have a nice life, Kim.
[PATRIOTIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Hey, sweetcheeks,
who do we got next?
Let's make some money.
Emilio Koyama!
Where's your paperwork?
I don't do no paperwork.
He doesn't do paperwork!
Who cares?
Come on, come on.
Hey yo,
could I bum one of those?
Thanks.
Mm.
What's up with this shit?
It's rainy.
Yeah. No, it's--
It's crazy.
It's like bananas,
all this rain.
I mean, I thought we were,
like, in a desert, you know.
You're a lawyer, right?
Ah.
I recognize you.
You defended my buddy Combo.
Christian Ortega.
Juvie court?
Stole a baby Jesus?
Not like a real baby,
just a--
You know, one of those things
outside of the church.
Nativity scene.
Yeah.
Knights of Columbus.
I mean, what the hell did he
even want that thing for, huh?
I still don't know.
Dumbass.
I told him he could go to hell
for stealing that,
but did he listen to me?
No.
But you, you got him off,
like, scot-free. That--
That was pretty slick, yo.
Well, tell him I hope
he's keeping his nose clean.
Yeah. Yeah, right on.
Absolutely.
[GRUNTS]
Hey, so you having
all this expertise and all...
this guy Goodman...
is he the real deal?
Like, lawyer-wise?
Why do you ask?
I got a buddy in there
who's facing some serious time.
I mean, not baby Jesus-time,
but like serious.
You know, he needs
top-shelf legal representation.
And I tell him that, right?
But he sees this dude's
commercials on TV
and this is where
he wants to go.
And I tell him,
"Yo, Emilio, you know,
a funny TV commercial
is not a sound basis
for, like, you know..."
I mean, like,
would you go to a doctor
to do an operation
on you,
on, like, your spleen
or whatever
on the fact
of a funny TV commercial? No.
I mean, come on.
How is this any different,
you know?
Anyways.
This guy, any good?
When I knew him, he was.
[♪♪♪]
[ENGINES DRONING]
[DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[GEAR SHIFT CLICKS]
[SIGHS]
[BLOWS]
[PHONE BUZZING]
Hello?
JEFF:
Hey, uh, Dad?
It's me. It's-- It's Jeff.
Jeff? What time is it?
Are you okay?
Yeah. No, not really.
Um... I, uh...
Dad, I got arrested.
Oh, no. What for? Jeffie.
It's like this crazy mistake,
you know?
I mean, I had an accident,
okay?
A little fender bender type
deal, no big thing.
My foot maybe slipped
on the accelerator,
or maybe it was, uh, defective.
I don't know. But that's
not the big deal part.
The big deal part is,
they think that I...
me, committed a robbery.
Why would they think that?
I know, right?
The place where I had
the accident?
This guy, this drunk guy?
He comes wandering
out of his house
and flags down the cops,
the-the police.
And says "Hey, you know,
I got robbed!"
And sure enough, the police,
they find evidence of like,
breaking and entering.
And-- And-- And stuff is
missing, which I did not do.
And, uh...
Yeah. Like that.
Well, the police are obviously
barking up the wrong tree.
Yeah. No shit, wrong tree.
Wrong, like, forest.
Exactly.
Because you would never do
that, would you, son?
No, no. No way, man.
Absolutely not.
When the police
took you into custody,
did they find any of this
so-called stolen merchandise?
Was it in your possession?
No.
Of course it wasn't.
Because you didn't steal
anything.
Therefore, since
there's no evidence whatsoever
that you committed any crime,
I'd say you've got
nothing to worry about.
So, what happens next?
Breathe deep and sit tight.
I'll have you out by lunchtime.
You coming down here yourself?
[SIGHS]
Nah, I think it'll be your mom.
You'll talk to her for me?
I sure will.
Straighten it all out,
no problem.
Yeah. Okay. Good.
And Jeff, you're gonna get
the best legal defense
in the whole wide world.
Trust your old man on that.
Okay, copy that. Sit tight.
You do that.
[BEEPS]
[SNIFFS]
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
Keep your shirt on.
Hello?
Gene. Honey, do you know
what time it is?
Oh. Oh, God. That boy.
He's gonna put me in my grave.
Marion, heh.
It's a mistake, is all.
Getting picked up
for something you didn't do?
That could happen to anybody.
Yeah, right, anyone.
This isn't the first time,
you know.
He's been in trouble before.
Oh, Jesus.
Marion.
The death of me.
He's gonna be the death of me.
Marion?
Marion,
it's gonna be all right.
We'll get him out of there
lickety-split.
I've been through this before,
there's nothing lickety-split
about it.
Back when he was living
in Albuquerque,
drunk in public,
resisting arrest,
urinating in someplace
he shouldn't have?
And me on the telephone
for hours,
long distance,
trying to find him
one of those bailout places.
I maxed out my Discover card.
I'm still paying for that one.
Money's not gonna be a problem
'cause I'm gonna help you
with that.
No. Gene,
I can't let you do that. No.
Sure you can.
Jeff will pay me back.
And you don't have to worry
about a bondsman, either.
Because guess what,
in Omaha, they don't have them.
All right?
Just walk in the station,
you pay a straight cash bail.
It's not like Albuquerque
at all.
Marion, you still there?
Yeah. Why...?
Why did Jeff call you
instead of me?
Well, I think he was scared
of how you'd take it.
Honestly, I was gonna pay
the bail myself,
but I think it should be
a family member.
I think that'd be best.
I'll tell you what, I'm gonna
take a shower, get dressed.
And you do the same.
I'll swing by and pick you up.
We'll get this whole thing
squared away.
What about Buddy?
Is he in any trouble?
I don't think so.
Why would he be?
[CHUCKLES]
I'll see you in about an hour.
Yeah, okay. Yeah. Thanks.
[LINE CLICKS]
[OFF-KEY]
♪ Oh, no ♪
♪ The tide is-- ♪
♪ It's not the things you do ♪
♪ That tease and hurt me bad ♪
♪ But it's the way you do ♪
♪ The things you do to me ♪
[MUMBLING ALONG]
♪ I'm not the kind of girl
Who gives up just like that ♪
♪ Oh, no ♪
♪ The tide is high
But I'm holdin' on ♪
♪ I'm gonna be your num-- ♪
[DOORBELL RINGING]
[SMACKS LIPS, INHALES]
♪ I'm not the kind of girl
Who gives up... ♪
Marion!
♪ Just like that ♪
♪ Oh, no ♪
[SHIVERS]
[SINGING INDISTINCTLY]
Marion!
Marion?
Oh.
[CHUCKLES] Hey.
Hi.
Oh, hey.
Everything okay?
Oh, yeah.
I'm sorry, I guess
I just lost track
of the time.
That's okay. Uh...
Wanna put some clothes on,
so that we can get moving.
What do you say?
Uh, you know, I-I--
I don't wanna
slow things down.
I think maybe
you ought to go without me.
[SIREN WAILS ON COMPUTER]
WOMAN: You are under arrest.
MAN:
I better call Saul.
Hi, I'm Saul Goodman.
Did you know
that you have rights?
The Constitution says you do,
and so do I.
I believe that
until proven guilty,
every man, woman and child
in this country is innocent.
And that's why I fight
for you, Albuquerque!
"Better Call Saul--"
[LAPTOP CLOSES]
What's that?
You tell me.
Marion,
do you think that's me?
'Cause it's not.
There never was a Nippy,
was there?
What did Jeff tell you?
Oh, he didn't tell me anything.
Ask Jeeves told me.
I typed in "con man"
and "Albuquerque,"
and up you popped, big as day.
[SIGHS]
What are you doing,
Marion?
What do you think?
Calling the police.
Here, let me help you
with that.
I think we're losing sight of
the bigger picture here, okay?
Jeff is in trouble
and I wanna help him.
He and I sure could use
your support here.
What did you get my son into?
Nothing that he didn't ask for.
Now, listen, I'm still the good
friend you thought I was, okay?
Jeff understands me,
Buddy understands me.
And you will too.
It just-- We have to, you know,
keep things on an even keel.
All right?
What have you got there?
Put that down.
Put that down, Marion.
Put it down.
Do not do it, Marion.
Final warning.
[WHIMPERS]
I trusted you.
[ALARM WAILS]
Marion? This is Valerie with
Life Alert. Are you okay?
No, Valerie, I'm not okay!
There's a criminal standing
in my kitchen, threatening me!
He's a wanted man,
and his name is Saul Goodman!
All right. Marion,
I'm calling the police.
I'm calling right now.
[♪♪♪]